my punch brush oh great look at these
guys and Jatin it whatever it's moving
on them in fact it doesn't matter if
it's not all covered because we'll get
that interesting effect of the dry
versus the wet so let's just start
adding a color on here you notice it
foams up a little bit doesn't it yeah so
I understand Helen Frankenthaler use
some kind of detergent to do this
because they didn't have the flow a pair
of face exactly which open ways or
solution yeah yeah um all right well
let's just try she was very secretive
simple never change like when your sugar
really my great friend is Rick was her
sister she had to knock on my door
she never got in students really so this
is what happens now see where it was dry
there let's try and put it on this
little dry area that can happen Chloe
really really helps the color
so now what I like to mix up some colors
so let's I saved this now this actually
had some of that this has an airbrush
medium it
but remember airbrush medium has some of
the fluid in it so I'm just going to see
what happens I've never tried it
this isn't as pigmented but I like that
kind of wash you can also do a dry brush
technique with this what happens when
this dries when I finish the painting
session and it dries um
this can be re wet and multiple layers
can go over and over and over without
lifting what you've got underneath or it
stays yes it'll stay because it's sunken
it's stained it's it's like dying with
the fluid and supple it continued to
bleed oh let's just do miss for the
water
Welling woods okay I'm gonna stop in a
minute should give everybody a brush
just take up anything you need so the
thing is the reason I have the cuffs
here is so that we can mix up our EM
more cups should get more cups sure so
I'm gonna mix up and adding flow Eden
really helps the color bleed but it's
the kind of thing that you'd want to
experiment with some flowing and not
flowy
see that that's a little thicker so I
kind of like that effect when there's
actually some pigment that's not
perfectly dispersed
okay all right so you guys cry crush and
jump in here all of my movements try it
out mix colors so you can intermix any
of these soft body colors there's
brushes over there